frontend/README.md, before:

# Chess Dojo Scoreboard - Frontend

This is the React-based frontend for https://www.dojoscoreboard.com. The scafolding was generated by create-react-app

## Setup

First, clone the repository and enter the frontend directory (here!)

```
$ git clone git@github.com:jackstenglein/chess-dojo-scheduler.git
$ cd frontend
```

Now, install the project's dependencies (downloads packages to the local `node_modules` directory). You will need Node.js and npm installed.
```
$ npm install
```

Perform a quick smell test by building the project. This will take some time, but will establish a baseline of ostensible correctness of the code.

```
$ npm build
```

You will see instructions on serving the build directory, but this is suboptimal for development. We instead want to run the server in development mode to unlock features such as hotswapping (pages will reload if you make edits).

## Available Scripts

In this directory, you can run:

### `npm start`

Runs the app in the development mode.\
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.

The page will reload if you make edits.\
You will also see any lint errors in the console.

### `npm test`

Launches the test runner in the interactive watch mode.\
See the section about [running tests](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/running-tests) for more information.

### `npm run build`

Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.\
It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes.\
Your app is ready to be deployed!

See the section about [deployment](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment) for more information.

### `npm run eject`

**Note: this is a one-way operation. Once you `eject`, you can’t go back!**

If you aren’t satisfied with the build tool and configuration choices, you can `eject` at any time. This command will remove the single build dependency from your project.

Instead, it will copy all the configuration files and the transitive dependencies (webpack, Babel, ESLint, etc) right into your project so you have full control over them. All of the commands except `eject` will still work, but they will point to the copied scripts so you can tweak them. At this point you’re on your own.

You don’t have to ever use `eject`. The curated feature set is suitable for small and middle deployments, and you shouldn’t feel obligated to use this feature. However we understand that this tool wouldn’t be useful if you couldn’t customize it when you are ready for it.

## Learn More

You can learn more in the [Create React App documentation](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/getting-started).

To learn React, check out the [React documentation](https://reactjs.org/).

Commit message:

docs: setup instructions & remove CRA

frontend/README.md, after:

# Chess Dojo Scoreboard - Frontend

This is the React-based frontend for https://www.dojoscoreboard.com. The scafolding was generated by create-react-app

## Setup

First, clone the repository and enter the frontend directory (here!)

```
$ git clone git@github.com:jackstenglein/chess-dojo-scheduler.git
$ cd frontend
```

Now, install the project's dependencies (downloads packages to the local `node_modules` directory). You will need Node.js and npm installed.
```
$ npm install
```

Run the unit tests to perform a smell test. You will need to contact Jack about an inclusion of an additional environmental file to run end to end tests.
```
$ npm test:unit
```

Finally, start the app!

```
$ npm start
````

## Available Scripts

In this directory, you can run:

### `npm start`

Runs the app in the development mode.\
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.

The page will reload if you make edits.\
You will also see any lint errors in the console.

### `npm test`

Runs unit and e2e tests.

### `npm run build`

Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.\
It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes.\
Your app is ready to be deployed!
